What is it guys and welcome x so in this video we're going to be adding to burden's right here.
So the first burden is going to take me to the down of the service that's going to tell me about myself
so I'm going to add a little bit about myself and then the second burden is going to take me to to contact
me or contact us or contact in Ziel.
So you can just create two buttons.
OK.
So for that I want to just click this guy.
We want to add any element we have to click this guy so I'm going to just say this and you can see that
I am right here.
So I need Dubard.
So that is why I want to add two columns because this is important.
So I'm just going to grab this column's OK.
I'm just going to drag it and drop it right here.
OK.
You can see it is coming great here.
I'm just going to drop it for you.
You can see that inside this column.
This is the column.
OK.
And I can add two buttons right here.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go to this guy right here again.
OK.
And you can see that these are the two columns right here.
So I'm just going to go with the burden.
I'm just going to try this and right here.
OK.
And I'm just going to click this guy once again and I'm going to track this button right here so you
can see that this is the burden.
And this is the burden.
So we have two buttons right here and tell you to call them so you can see what I did.
I just added two columns right here first and then I just crack this guy once again and I crack this
burden.
Then I click this guy once again and I cried desperate and then he can see that these two burdens are
here in this column so I can just added this whole section and I can added this even column where I
can add to this column and this is the whole column so you can see inside this column would have one
section.
And inside this section we have two columns.
So this is very easy.
You just have to drag a column and then you have to do it.
So now what I'm going to do I just want to align this to right side so that it basically come closer.
So I'm just going to come here and this I'm just going to have to hit this and it's going to come here
and this is added Button.
So I'm just going to drag it or I'm just going to hit a line right.
You can see that if I just come here click here you can see that these are the two buttons right here
that says Click Me and click me.
OK.
And now here it is going to be I'm just going to make some editing.
I'm going to make these change like amazing and you guys are going to love it.
OK.
So for this I want the text to be about me.
And for this one the text to be Kahn attacked me or I can even add higher me
OK.
So I have two buttons.
I have about me and then hire me.
So let's just come here and we have the About Me section.
I want it don't just link it to anywhere.
This you can add a hash tag that is going to say that this is that dummy link and it will lot work.
OK.
Until then unless I assign any length so you guys already know about linking.
Now what I want I want to go to the timing of this.
So I'm just going to go to the style.
OK.
And I don't want to think that I should go with the type graphy but the background color.
I want to change the background color so the background color is going to be
all right.
I think the background color should be transparent for this.
So I'm just going to go head I'm going to hit this and I want to make this fully transparent so you
can see that the background color is transparent.
And instead I want a border so I want to go with the border and that is going to be the solid.
So it's it is going to be too big.
So OK.
And the border color is going to be black.
It looks cool.
Let's just go with five pixel by pixel is very big.
So I think of one pixel looks cool.
OK.
Now we have the border radius of about a radius I think it should be 25
Well it's just like this
OK.
You can see how this is looking this is looking very amazing.
What I want.
Great.
Now here.
This is going to be the we have the border type.
We have the burden right here.
We have the background color.
So I want to go read the Hoover effect.
So for Hoover I want it to be like if I bring my mouse over here this is basically this reference to
the Hoover.
So Hoover means that if you can see that when we were editing the image we went to this style and then
we went to the Hoover animation.
And Hoover like if I just bring my mouse over here this means is upping this I mean just floating basically.
So I'm like this.
I'm just going to come here and I want to go to the style and I want to go to the Hoover section.
So if someone brings his mouse to it then it should change the color so it should change the background
color to be full black and.
And you can see how this is looking cool.
The animation is going to be float.
So I didn't think if this is looking great.
So
now let's just go to Cro now.
I think I don't need any animation because this is looking a bit cheap.
So I think this is looking great.
OK.
And this looks pretty bell about me and that I need to just configure disburden.
So this is going to be the higher me and the higher me is going to be.
Let's just go to the style and I want to go to the background color some background color is going to
be bluish and bluish.
Just make it a bit of cream.
And then just OK those looks cool.
This looks cool.
OK.
I want to go to the water tape.
It's going to be solid.
OK.
I mean the bottom radius is going to be 25 pixel.
So this is looking cool.
OK.
I want a border to be one pixel so and the color is going to be the normal treat.
And here we go.
So if someone brings his mouse to this then we need a other effect.
And that is going to be.
So I need to bring them out over here.
Hoover OK.
And I need to change the color to be the background color should be changed to transparent
OK.
This is looking so cool.
So
the background colors changing to transparent and the border color is going to be this full so I think
I need more border show for this.
I want to go to pixel.
This looks cool.
I was just come here and you can see that I have two buttons that tell you about me and this is higher
me.
So I think this screen needs to be changed to another color because this is not pretty visible to me.
So
OK I'm just going to go with the normal one and I'm going to change the background color.
So let's just change the background color and test which background color suits us
this one
OK.
This is looking cool.
So we have about me and then we have hired me.
So we have two buttons right here.
OK.
Let's just go to
the Condon area and the space is going to be medium.
So we have two buttons and this one should be all so medium.
OK.
Now this is visible.
About me.
Me.
So this looks cool.
This looks great.
OK.
I think I should change this to be the four
so I think I should make this the full that I'm going to come here and I want to go to the table graphy
and the transformation should be to uppercase So I think this upper case is looking great.
So you can also change the font and weight of these as well if you want to.
OK.
I think it is looking pretty well right here about me and the higher midsection.
So everything is looking great.
So we have this let's just review all of the things.
OK.
So first of all we added this back when we were with the section.
Not this.
But first we then we added this title right here.
OK.
We aligned this title to the center by just clicking this.
And then we went to this alignment and we just kid this so it was then a line to center.
OK.
And then we added an image by just clicking this guy we just dragged that image from here we'll just
drag the tray here and then we chose the thumbnail.
We added the image OK and we aligned this to center.
Then we went to the style section.
OK.
And then we added the water radius at that it turned to circle k because we added the radius.
Then we added the border the border color.
We just just decreased some of the transparency so that it looks great.
OK.
And we also added the border type to be solid.
Then we added the animations so that if anyone brings his mouse you can see that the image is going
above.
OK.
We also added the text shadow to right here.
Then we also added this professional tag line by just dragging this text editor right here.
We edit this.
But if I just click this you can see that I added this content that I went to the style section.
I just change the color to be white and a bit of tree.
I turned on the type of graphy I increase the size.
I chose the font to be open Sans.
And I changed the way to be 300 to that.
It is a bit of thin and it looks great.
OK.
Then I did nothing.
So then I added the two columns.
OK I just clicked this column I just dragged it under this column right here so that it becomes a whole
section.
OK.
And in this section we have two columns.
So in this one column we added disburden and then we click this guy.
Then we added this button right here and then we just change make the changes say this is very easy.
This elemental plug in is so easy and you guys are going to love it and you guys will start building
a website.
You can see how this is looking.
OK.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
Still here in the next video we're going to add a new section and that is going to be about me.
OK.
And then we're going to add some more.
So Stadio owned and bought by.